phil mcgraw tries to be calm and an
understanding man but even he has his
limits
welcome to Ms mojo and today we're
counting down our picks for the top ten
times dr. Phil lost it on his guests
before we begin it we publish new
content every day so be sure to
subscribe to our channel and ring the
bell to get notified about our latest
videos for this list we'll be looking at
times when dr. Phil became impatient
frustrated or downright mad at his
talk-show guests with their behavior
this can include kicking them off the
show insulting them or getting into
heated arguments
hey hey no you need to look at me number
10 did you go to fifth grade everyone
remembers Danielle pergolas
aka cashmere side girl nice life nice
always we want to take Nathan eggs beach
car what I'm sorry she went viral thanks
to her rebellious behavior weird phrases
and fake Street accent but Phil wasn't
having any of it dr. Danielle gives a
smart-aleck you poor grammar filled
remark about stealing a car
Phil stares and disbelief before asking
her if she went to the fifth grade did
you did you go the fifth grade
this results in shocked gasps from the
audience who proceeded to clap while
Danielle marinates in the burn it's not
easy to get the otherwise calm and
collected dr. Phil to insult you in
front of hundreds of people
but Danielle managed to find a way
[Applause]
number nine you sir have a black heart
this is a bit of a dark episode
Pamela claims that her ex-husband Pete
ran out on their family to be with a
massage therapist he met at a couple's
retreat she also blames him for their 15
year old son's suicide because I think
you have said some things here today
that are absolutely reckless pin turn
says that Pamela wanted their son dead
it all culminates in a fiery and
destructive three minutes speech from
Phil the host absolutely tears into Pete
by calling him reckless and destructive
before telling him but he has a black
heart I pray to God that you don't mean
them because if you do you sir have a
black heart
course everything is set in that comm
dr. Phil cadence but you can tell he is
just seething inside he's not often one
to judge people but he is doing a whole
lot of judging here putting out other
people's candles does not make yours
burn brighter number eight get a job
this kid is so spoiled rotten that
failed resorts to raising his voice now
that's an accomplishment you say you
watch me and you take notes we'll take
this note in this episode an aspiring
singer self named King Keith Franklin
the seventh believes that becoming
famous is more important than a job or
an education as such the 20 year old
lounges around his mother's house hoping
to achieve that goal unfortunately his
mother isn't having any of it
Annie there is dr. Phil the host tears
them to him by ordering him to pull his
own weight and contribute around the
house before straight-up telling him to
get a job reality checks can be hard to
listen to especially when they come from
a nearly yelling and clearly irate dr.
Phil you don't sit around watching Paris
Hilton or Kim Kardashian or dr. Phil on
television and tell yourself that's a
life education get a job number seven
you don't put words in my mouth
I have no reason whatsoever to believe
that she's having sex with anyone like
it in this episode Phil sits down with
couple Paul in Alaska Alaska has a
cuddling business and uses provocative
photos to market herself this has led
Paul to worry about her sexual behavior
and personal safety while defending
herself
Alaska states that Phil has been
insinuating various insulting ideas
throughout the interview in her mind she
thinks Phil believes that she sleeps
with the men she needs of course this
sets Phil right off you're supposed to
be helping not making me angry
well look at me look at me you don't put
words in my mouth and I'm telling you if
I if I said you called me that I said
you're doing any windows making it seem
like it he tells Alaska that she
shouldn't put words in his mouth before
looking her dead in the eyes and stating
that he isn't afraid of her that one
woman's oh damn expression pretty much
sums it up number six you are committing
a crime phil has a short leash when it
comes to the mistreatment of children
that is on full display in this dramatic
episode that culminates and Phil
accusing Kaylee of a crime when a child
is a certain age they don't
have the capacity to give consent Kaley
is a dominatrix who gives her 14 year
old daughter alcohol and marijuana and
allows her teen to have sex Phil begins
Kaylee's Roast rather politely saying
that teenagers cannot give consent under
the law and that adults need to monitor
their behavior you can be sarcastic all
you want you are committing a crime
however that was just a prelude to the
main event while Phil tells Kaylee about
20 times that she is committing a crime
by giving her daughter drugs and
permitting her to be physically intimate
with other people Phil is less mad and
more dumbfounded over the whole
situation and that makes us reaction all
the more entertaining statute is a crime
okay number five let me please have an
intelligent conversation many of the
previous entries showed a frustrated dr.
Phil here he is positively irate and it
is oh so satisfying let me please have
an intelligent conversation without you
two bickering back and forth because I
don't want to hear first he shows
frustration with an interjection saying
let me please have an intelligent
conversation and when the guest ignores
Phil and begins bickering he simply sits
back and folds his arms like an ignored
and irritated parent but before the
woman can finish Phil interrupts and
goes off about his guests children which
culminates in him telling her to shut up
here we see all the tell-tale signs of
seething anger insults folded arms
interruptions
yelling sarcastic rhetorical questions
and exasperated hand gestures my dad
used to tell me never pass up a good
chance to shut up the man is absolutely
fuming and it is terrifying boom
roasted number four kicking off bum
fights producer for those who are
unaware bumfights was a film that saw
homeless people performing amateur
stunts for small amounts of money or
alcohol the video was enormous ly
controversial and has even been banned
in various countries a man who bought
the film rights known as the alias ty
Beeson appeared on dr. Phil hilariously
dressed as dr. Phil however his
appearance lasted for less than a minute
before he was kicked off stop the tape
I don't want to talk to you why not
that's despicable I don't want to talk
to you bill stated that he didn't want
to talk to tie and promptly had him
escorted off the stage by security this
is worse than yelling this is like when
your parents say they're disappointed
and refused to speak to you in a way we
don't think we've ever seen feels so
angry if you think I exploit people
every time you bring a guest on this
show you exploit them and spread
whatever problems they have to the whole
world
you think that's helping them yeah keep
telling yourself that you can go number
three sexy vegan oh yeah
the beautiful vegan Messiah sexy vegan
has earned his place in the dr. Phil
Hall of Fame thanks to his eccentric
physical appearance and reckless antics
and in this particular episode his
antics aren't full display he sings a
little theme song brags about his
sexiness and moon walks down the aisle
before calling his mother an ugly piece
of effing shit suffice it to say that
was a last straw for Phil Hey look at me
no hey hey no you need to look at me
Matt did you okay take him out he
forcefully tells sexy vegan to stop it
actually gives him a chance to listen
before kicking him out and apologizing
to his audience that is childish and
immature behavior and now I get to weep
yes you do bill has some mad patience so
to see him kicking someone out over
their toxic behavior Shirley says a lot
about his and sexy vegans tumultuous
relationship don't let the door hit you
in the ass number two are you kidding me
you should be punched in the face for
how you acted in this episode Phil shows
a troubling clip of three adults
bickering at a little league baseball
practice the adults can be heard calling
each other crazy and insulting each
other's hair colours and outfits one
even says that the other should be
punched in the face Phil in turn brings
up the out of frame children and
literally shakes with anger when
screaming after some much-deserved
roasting it all ends with a very
exasperated Phil leaning back in his
chair and saying come on if it wasn't
clear already Phil really hates that
when children are involved in adult
immaturity and stupidity
before we unveil our topic here are a
few honorable mentions seeing a black
person is like going to the zoo you only
want to go there a few times but if you
go there all the time you know
everything that's like a tired record
you you only have about six things you
say on the internet this was for him you
knew just stop
I don't know what else to do I just what
help no ok hold on
stop I'm gonna have to ask you to leave
you are being inappropriate
and I am NOT gonna have you here mocking
this situation so I'm gonna have to ask
you to join sitting it's here right down
there where he came from
number one picking out an internet
stalker this is a legendary episode of
dr. Phil and it comes with one of the
best Phil reactions of all time it's a
love story of the century
but you've never physically met no sir
the guest is Bailey a young adult who
liked a stranger's tweet and promptly
fell in love
Bailey sent the woman thousands of
messages declaring her love even though
they had never even met well you know
what I think we're just gonna shut this
down cuz I'm not into all this melodrama
and you playing the victim and
everything after Bailey plays a victim
they'll quickly shuts the entire
interview down saying that he's not
interested in the melodrama and
manipulation now think about that phil
was so incensed at Bailey's behavior
that he refused to listen or help
despite claims of wanting to do so and
just kicked her off instead sure he
never raised his voice but actions speak
a heck of a lot louder than words
you're very manipulative and I just I'm
not interested in all of that so I'm
gonna let Bailey
move on do you agree with our picks
check out these other great clips from
his mojo and be sure to subscribe and
ring the bell to be notified about our
latest videos
you